Update create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md (#6792)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md

3. Choose a [supported language](create-a-phone-system-call-queue-languages.md). This language will be used for system-generated voice prompts and voicemail transcription (if you enable them).

> [!NOTE]

> > In a Hybrid scenario, the resource account needs to be created on-premises. For more information, see [Plan Could call queues](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/plan-call-queue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In a hybrid scenario, the resource account needs to be created on-premises. For more information, see [Plan Cloud call queues](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/plan-call-queue).
```
